

			:: Random File ::				




This is nothing but a random text file, which
I will proceed to fill with some random text.
It can be a little difficult to think of some
very random things to say, but I expect you
probably aren't even going to look into this
file. If you do, I don't know why. It's a
pretty useless file, so reading through it in
its entirely would be a pointless venture.
I mean I'm really just going to be droning on
like this for as long as I can, but if you
enjoy the mindless reading, feel free to keep
reading. I won't stop you. But just think how
dull this is for me. I'm just trying to type
up as many useless words as I can, simply for
the sake of filling up this text file a little
bit. If you think that reading this is dull,
boring, or useless, it must be at least
ten-fold for me. I think I may just stop soon.
It has become so excessively boring that I
don't think I can bear through this any more.
Goodbye.



